# Lab 2
1.	Write a function to return a list of the first n numbers in the Fibonacci string.
2.	Write a function that receives a list of numbers and returns a list of the prime numbers found in it.
3.	Let a tuple (x, y) represent a point in a Cartesian system. Write a function that receives as a parameter a list of points and returns a list of unique tuples (a, b, c) representing the unique lines determined by those points ((a, b, c) corresponds to the right ax + by +c  = 0).
4.	Write a function that receives as parameters two lists a and b and returns: (a intersected with b, a reunited with b, a - b, b - a)
5.	Write a function that receives as a parameter an x list, and a number k. Return a list of tuples that represent combinations of len (x) taken by k from list x. Example: for the list x = [1,2,3,4] and k = 3, return [(1,2,3), (1,2,4), (1,3,4) 3, 4)].
6.	Write a function that receives as a parameter a variable number of lists and a whole number x. Return a list containing the items that appear exactly x times in the incoming lists. Example: For the [1,2,3], [2,3,4], [4,5,6], [4,1, "test"] and x = 2 lists [1,2,3 , 4] # 1 is in list 1 and 4, 2 is in list 1 and 2, 3 is in lists 1 and 2, 4 is in lists 2 and 3.
7.	Write a function that receives as default a default x number equal to 1, a variable number of strings, and a boolean flag set to True. For each character string, generate a list containing the characters that have the ASCII divisible by x if the flag is set to True, otherwise it should contain characters that have the non-xvid ASCII code. Example: x = 2, "test", "hello", "lab002", flag = False will return (["e", "s"], ["e" . Note: The function must return a variable number of lists that corresponds to the number of character strings received as an input.
8.	Write a function that receives a variable number of lists and returns a list of tuples as follows: the first tuple contains the first items in the lists, the second element contains the items on the position 2 in the lists, etc. Ex: for lists [1,2,3], [5,6,7], ["a", "b", "c"] return: [(1.5, a " , 6, "b"), (3,7, "c")]. Note: If input lists do not have the same number of items, missing items will be replaced with None to be able to generate max ([len(x) for x in input_lists]) tuples.
9.	Write a function that will order a list of string tuples based on the 3rd character of the 2nd element in the tuple. Example: ('abc', 'bcd'), ('abc', 'zza')] ==> [('abc', 'zza'), ('abc', 'bcd')]